- There are rules and
regulations that what she says
and what she communicates
and what she deliberates
should be part of
the historical record.
But she chose to say, "No,
I'm not going to follow
those rules and regulations.
Not only am I going
to have private email,
I'm going to put
the server in my house,
so that there's no way anyone
could find out
what was really said".
Certainly, it would be nice
to have a historical record,
to know what the president
said in other nations
and to have classified
information back,
but we don't know
precisely what's been lost
and what will be able
to be recovered.
And, as I said before,
he has a long list of things
he's done that I consider to be
very detrimental to the nation
and I add this to the list.
I don't put it at the top
of the list.
It's more down
towards the bottom.
- Secretary Clinton sent
and received emails
that contained
highly classified information.
If the average American
did that,
they'd lose their clearance,
their job,
and might even go to jail.
The law's the law
and it ought to be enforced.
I wouldn't separate Trump from
any other public official, see?
I mean, there's nothing special
about him or anybody else.
The law says you got to preserve
records,
so you preserve records.
- Hillary Clinton
is disqualified
from being the
commander-in-chief
of the United States.
In fact, one of her first acts
as president may very well
be to pardon herself.
Because Hillary Clinton stored
classified information
on her private server.
They've made up so many stories
about Donald Trump
over the years
that, I mean,
things that I just knew
are flat-out untrue.
But, nowadays, in the mainstream
media,
you just need one source
to smear Donald Trump.
Maybe you don't even need that.
So it's hard to tell anymore
what really happened
and what didn't.
The documents that were
at Mar-a-Lago,
by all accounts,
were turned over.
Look, if the process wasn't
followed there,
then there needs to be something
that happens about that.
It's not a crime,
I don't believe.